>> Erik Reinert: So we've gone through
the main thing now let's go ahead and
grab the other small things that we need.
So I'm going to create
a locals TF file and again,
you can kind of tell the standard
patterns that like, you know, a lot of.
At least I know of a lot of terraform
users use with like variables,
tf locals TF outputs, TF data tf.
It's just a common convention.
It's not something you have to do.
So we have our locals file, and
just really quickly, I didn't really go
over this, but we wanna make it so
that we have a standardized name for
the service and
all of its resources that it creates.
But we don't want it to be the cluster
name because that's just dev.
We want to separate that in some shape or
form.
So in this case what we're doing
is we're saying cluster name name.
So you could do the same thing with
environment where you could say
you want the full name to be dev name or
something else.
If you don't want it to be cluster name,
you can put whatever else you want there.
But the only thing I want you to
understand is that this is an easy way to
take a value or two values, combine them,
and then just use this value for
everything else.
So in my module I'm using full name for
everything to name it.
Then that will combine these
two values and make it so
that it's easier to read
in the environment.
Cool.
Variables.
Pretty straightforward.
Again, we've gone through
variables a whole bunch.
The only thing I want to note is
these lines right here, really.
So two things, one,
we can actually run a service without
even giving it an image parameter.
The idea here is maybe I want to configure
a service and not push to it yet, or
maybe I just want to get it up and
running or something like that.
I'm not really worried
about giving it code yet.
This is a flexible option that
you can basically give yourself.
Or you can say, well underneath, just
run nginx, run some simple image just so
that the deployment works,
the service is up and running.
You don't have to really care
about what's inside of it.
Now we are going to provide it our own
image because of what we're trying to do.
And this is the second part
of what I wanted to mention,
which is it's okay to
deploy broken services.
I know that sounds terrible to sound,
but the only caveat I give to that is if
you're going to deploy a broken service,
have the intention of Fixing it.
We have some infrastructural things where
I work where there isn't code there yet,
but, but they can create a service and
get the terraform out of the box,
the service out of the box,
everything running.
But if we are provisioning the repository
at the exact same time we are provisioning
the service in Amazon, it's not gonna run
cause there's no source code for it yet.
So what we actually do
is we just let it fail.
It's like just let it fail for
now it's fine.
Because then what'll happen
is the developers will go,
they'll push up their code, the repo or
the deployment will run and
the deployment will grab it and
go no, no, no, this is the act.
And then push up that change and
then everything comes online and
starts working.
Now we don't normally say deploy that to
production, but that at least gets them
set up with everything before
they write a single line of code.
So that by the time they write
code they're just shipping,
they're not worried about setting up more
stuff and will it work or not or whatever.
So in this scenario we are actually going
to deploy it and it will be broken, but
then we'll fix it and it will auto resolve
itself basically and then we'll be fine.
So, so again we put that in there just
to be helpful if we want to make it so
that it is a successful deployment,
but it doesn't mean we have to.
Some other things in here are just
like log retention, kind of important,
memory, CPU as well up here,
all of the basics,
pretty much everything we
need to configure a service.
So then we're going to do one
more which is our outputs TF and
we're going to save this.
And there we go.
This is just all the stuff we need
from a service, all the roles and
everything else if we
wanna use them later.